<!-- This is a comment.
If you plan on contributing to openxeco-book, welcome and enjoy.
For Aiur! -->

---
description: Convention Used in openXeco-book
---

# Convention Used in This Book

`code block or value`

* Used for variable, function or menu names in openXeco.

## Language

The language in this book is American English.
All the screenshots and examples are in English.

## CoC

The same code of conduct applies to this book as for the main openXeco project.
As a book can some times be considered the inadvertent soul of a piece of software, please take good care and consideration of our `Code of Conduct`. The CoC [can be read here](https://github.com/CybersecurityLuxembourg/openxeco-core/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md).

## Example install

The examples and screenshots provided in this book have been created with the openXeco Autogenerated VM.

To get a copy of the latest VM [click here](https://vm.openxeco.org/latest/)

## openXeco Instance

In general when talking about a network of inter-connected openXeco servers, each server is an openXeco node. Whilst we have no strong feelings towards anyones naming schemes, as a rule of thumb try to have a scheme that makes everyday use easy when users need to talk about remote openXeco nodes.
<!--
ToDo: Be more specific give some naming convention examples.
-->

The hostname used for the instance in this book is `openxeco.local` and we will henceforth refer to it either by name or as `local openXeco instance`.


## Example organisations

As example organisations a fictional Cybersecurity Ecosystem is used as well as a fictional Helthtec Ecosystem.

Cyber ecosystem actors:

* Cyber ACME S.A
* Cyber Beagle s.à r.l

Healthtec ecosystem actors:

* MyHealth S.A
* Health Data Inc.

## Example users

The users are purely fictional. Where it made sense, distribution lists were used as users. As a good practice, the organisations admin should be a nominative person and shall be changed if the person in charge will move on to other ventures.

## Example taxonomies

For the Cybersecurity ecosystem the [ECSO taxonmy](https://www.ecs-org.eu/documents/uploads/ecso-cybersecurity-market-radar-taxonomy-table.pdf) shall be used.

As no knwown and widely deployed Healthtec taxonomy is in use, we will create a very basic Taxonmy from scratch and learn how to create custom taxonomies.

### Articles

Under articles we understand: news, events, job offers, services, tools etc.

## Example news

The news example are chosen randomly at the time of the documentations writing and are always related to the activities of the example organisations.

## Example jobs

The jobs in the examples are purely fictional.

## Example services

The services in the examples are purely fictional.

## Example tools

The tools in the examples are purely fictional but can be real projects as well.

## Real-life coincidences

Any of the above examples, in the rare occasions where they reflect any real-life facts, are purely coincidental.
